‎Right now I am serving
in the Central America branch,
‎and I have the opportunity to work
with extraordinary brothers and sisters
‎—both here and in other parts of the world.
‎My name is Rogelio.
‎I’m part of the Art Department,
‎and I’m a digital illustrator.
‎Music really means the world to me.
‎I am Joyce; I’m a pioneer,
‎and I sing alto in the Bethel chorus.
‎My name is Lou-Len,
‎and I serve as a regular pioneer
in a congregation where there’s a need.
‎I love doing that.
‎My life is wonderful.
‎Seeing people’s faces light up
when you teach them God’s name
‎or when you tell them
of Jehovah’s promises for us
‎fills me with great joy.
‎My name is Josué Martell.
‎I serve as a regular pioneer
‎and as an elder in the congregation.
‎Ever since I was little,
‎I’ve always loved playing soccer,
and that was my biggest dream.
‎My goal was to become
a professional soccer player.
‎The truth is, setting goals
was always difficult for me
‎because I always had two passions,
‎‘Am I a servant of Jehovah or an artist?’
‎My goal was to become
the best gymnast in the world.
‎At that moment,
‎gymnastics were number one in my life.
‎I played at big festivals.
‎Standing ovations
‎—that was amazing.
‎I was surrounded by non-Witnesses
‎who were using drugs, smoking, and swearing.
‎My trainer had mapped out
a complete training program
‎with the Olympics as a goal.
‎This made me feel trapped.
‎I started thinking,
‘What do I want to do with my life?’
‎More importantly, ‘What does Jehovah want?’
‎When I was studying design,
I was already a regular pioneer.
‎It wasn’t easy for me
to come to the understanding
‎that the one
who really matters is Jehovah.
‎When I was 16 years old,
‎different teams started offering me
high-paying contracts.
‎I felt a lot of pressure,
and it was a temptation
‎because they would constantly
call me and come to my house.
‎I noticed that when the players
played the sport,
‎they were happy,
but afterwards they weren’t.
‎My mother was in the full-time service,
and I saw her happiness.
‎That motivated me because I too wanted
‎to experience that lasting happiness.
‎I felt a little guilty
when I thought of how much of myself
‎I was giving to design
and art and all of that.
‎So that’s when I made my decision.
‎I decided to leave university
and focus on my service.
‎I realized that for a long time
I hadn’t been growing spiritually.
‎I prayed intensely to Jehovah.
‎I asked: “Do I know you?
‎Do I live the way you would want?”
‎And after that,
‎I stopped performing with non-Witnesses.
‎I prayed to Jehovah.
‎And then, at the convention,
‎we received the DVD Young People Ask
—What Will I Do With My Life?
‎That really was Jehovah’s answer
‎to my prayer.
‎In the Bible it says
‎that “the truth will set you free.”
‎That freedom is something
I never used to feel.
‎I love working together
with other sisters in the ministry
‎and seeing how they share
my enthusiasm for making return visits
‎and conducting Bible studies.
‎It’s just wonderful to see!
‎To wake up each day knowing
‎that I am going to do something new
for Jehovah is extraordinary.
‎It’s an unbelievable blessing;
it’s like living a dream.
‎I feel that I belong to a global organization
‎and we are all going
in the same direction.
‎It’s something really wonderful for me.
‎To sing for Jehovah
is the most beautiful privilege
‎I could ever imagine.
‎One of the biggest blessings
‎is that I have a real friendship
with Jehovah
‎and friendships with my brothers and sisters
—young or old.
‎It doesn’t matter.
‎I am really happy
that when Jehovah looks at me,
‎I feel his approval.
‎That makes me happy.
‎My trust in Jehovah has grown stronger.
‎The way I communicate with him
continues to improve.
‎And I also love my assignment
‎of being a regular pioneer,
an elder, and being able to support
‎the brothers and sisters.
‎To continue to be among Jehovah’s people,
‎that’s the joy I was looking for
‎—and I found it!